---
layout: post
title: "EAP-HOMEWORK-003"
date: 2017-10-07 11:00
category: "design"
tag: EAP
---

### Evaluating Eassy Introductions
#### ChekList for an Eassy Introduction
1. Is the introduction closely relevant to the eassy question?
2. Does it contain the essential features of an introduction?
3. Is it logically organized?
4. Are the aims and rationale of the eassy clearly given?
5. Does it contain appropriate academic language for an eassy introduction?
6. Is it the right length(1/5 of total length)?

#### Enssential Features of an Introduction
1. give background and context by moving from the general to the particular
2. provide a rationale for researching and writing the text
3. state the overall purpose and aims of the text
4. state how the whole text is organized

#### Suggestions for planning an Introduction
1. Narrow the topic and focus, e.g. by limiting the disscussion to one or two geographical areas
2. Decide on relevant perspectives, e.g. cultural, educational, linguistic ...
3. Work out your main argument, Summarize this in one sentence


#### Given Title: To what extent should people visiting or temporarily living in a foreign country adapt their behaviors in response to local conditions and customs?
#### Write a title and eassy structure
#### **ANS: Adapt to hurtless**
#### Introduction:
- Every day, there are a great number of people who will visit or temporarily live in a foreign country. In the first half of 2017, China outputs 62.03 million outbound tourists, [1] which is just a part of world tourists.
- However, as foreigners, travelers have to adjust themselves to the new environment to an appropriate extent. It’s really an urgent problem for them. Once a traveler loss control of adaption, it may lead to terrible results.
- Therefore, two standards are proposed here to clarify the line. Firstly, you can’t do any hurt to the local environment or tradition. We are going to talk about it in the section 1. Secondly, you can’t bring yourself much too stress, either. The concrete statement will be presented in section 2, where a well-known cross-culture disease named ‘Culture Shock’ will be introduced. Finally, section 3 will give some suggestions about cross-cultural adaption.Anyway, adapting more properly, your journey will be better.

#### Section 1:
- The first standard----Less too adaption does great harm to the local environment and tradition.

#### Section 2:
- A brief introduction about 'Culture Shock' and The second standard----Much too adaption leads to 'Culture Shock' and hurt yourself.

#### Section 3:
- Some suggestions about adapt to a foreign culture to a proper extent.

#### Conclusion:

#### References:<br>[1]China National Tourism Administration.Statistical Tourism Data for the First Half of 2017. [EB/OL]http://en.cnta.gov.cn/News/localnews/201708/t20170821_836318.shtml
