---
layout: post
title: "EAP-HOMEWORK-002"
date: 2017-9-20 11:00
category: "design"
tag: EAP
---

## TASK 1
#### P012 Using the students notes, identify the key terms introduced and defined in Text5. Explain how these terms relate to the three sub-headings in the texts.

4. **instinct-patterns**: to exmplify what is genetic factors.
5. **genetic events**: to begin talking about how genetic events affect human.
6. **biological focus**: to describe how some biologcal factors affect human.
7. **primary drives**: to define these basic biological factors.
8. **specific behaviours related to the desired goals**: to describe how biological factors affect human behaviour.
9. **mindful, rational and sensible**: to claim that cognitive factors also affect human behaviour in addition to other factors.
10. **cognitive appraisals**: to define what is cognitive appraisals and make a conclusion about the eassy.


<br><br>
## TASK 2
#### P013 tick the appropriate column and give examples from writing tasks you have done.
- (1, 2, 5, 7, 8)I can usually understand a writing task and decide what is relevant to include, but it's hard for me to use appropriate and accurate language to express my ideas so that other people somtimes can't read my text and fully understand it. For example, when I study at my high school, though I understood the meaning of the problem and got an excelent idea, I wasn't able to use appropriate words to express my thoughts or write an effective introduction and conclusion for my text with the ending of poor grade.
- (3, 4, 6)I can usually identify what further material I need, know how to search for it and critically respond to what I need, and select it, but I find it difficult to accurately reference the material I have cited. For example, it is a normal case that I've cited an excellent article but I forget where to reference it, only to search it again.


<br><br>
## TASK 3
#### Which stages in 1 do yo think are the most important for writing a short, researched essay? Put these in order: What stages are you most likely to repeat?
1. logically organize your ideas
2. read good examples of similar texts written by other students/ academics
3. search for sources - research the topic to find supporting evidence and examples
4. critically read what you have written to check the logic, and rewrite as necessary
5. critically evaluate the chosen sources
6. narrow down the topic to a clear focus
7. delete any points that are not relevant
8. work with other students and discuss your ideas
9. generate ideas
10. decide on which perspectives to include
11. write the introduction to the text
12. write the body of the text

#### Choose one stage and explain your approach in more detail
- **logically organize your ideas**:
When organize my ideas, I'd like to write them down on entirely, scan them serveral times, think about logical contact among them to decide on how to organize them logically.


#### Five more stages of pre-, while-, post- writing
1. pre-writing:
	- list an appropriate structure of your writing
	- think carefully about the title
	- split it into several parts to make it clearer
	- know what to write for every part
	- ask tutors for advice
2. while-writing:
	- choose accurate word and expressions to use
	- carefully organize the typesetting
	- chek if che content you've write fits with your plan
	- contral the lenth of each phrase or part
	- use citations carefully
3. post-wrtiging:
	- check if you've used appropriate words
	- check grammar and spelling carefully
	- check if it entirely and clearly express your idea
	- check if there is anywhere to improve
	- check if you use reference correctly
<!--  -->

<br><br>
## TASK 4
#### Read the eassy and identify the thesis statement
1. a, b
2. b, e
3. b, d
4. b
5. b, e
6. b, e
7. c
8. g, h
